Role:
?    Analyzed the Business Requirements Document, created the test plan and prepared detailed
test cases for new Functionality.
?    Used Agile methodology (Scrum, Bug Scrub) to ensure the new features meet the customer
requirements and acceptable quality assurance standards
?    Participated in the meetings, prepared reports and other supportive documentation to
contribute to establishment of standards and procedures for software testing
?    Developed Manual test scripts for different test scenarios covering all aspects of project
functionality using Test Link, and MANTIS Defect Management
?    Created and executed manual test cases using Test Link and reviewed test cases developed by
other testers
?    Involved in preparation of Automation Sanity Test Cases.
?    Performed Root Cause Analysis for all the assigned issues for existing functionality such as
(Corrupted Data, Code Error)
?    Executed the test cases, recorded the results and documented defects, questionable functions,
as well as inconsistencies in software program functions, outputs, online screens and content.
?    In the regression phase, the project was automated using Cucumber with Selenium flavour
using JAVA. I was responsible for developing a dynamic framework which could automate
all the test cases.
?    Developed Cucumber Framework with seetest tool with Test NG Frame work was
developed and generic keywords were implemented.
?    Generating Test Results using Cucumber reports by jenkins.
?    Executing Test Cases by using Jenkins.
?    Created and updated test scenarios, test plans, and test cases according to use case and design
?    Participated in system walkthrough and inspection meetings to understand the business rules
and system operation flows
?    Executed test cases using  automated test tools
?    Created test plan, designed and executed test cases manually and verified actual results
against expected results
?    Identified and tracked defects, generated bug reports and submitted test report.
?    Worked closely with users and program developers to ensure application development meets
with the user expectations
